"query:Linux Reddit:tags # \"content\" or title =~ \"\\[OC\\]\"" meta
"query:Unread:unread = \"yes\"" meta

https://news.ycombinator.com/rss
https://stopa.io/feed.rss blogs
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news linux
https://projecteuler.net/rss2_euler.xml maths
https://feeds.fireside.fm/linuxunplugged/rss linux
https://kliu.io/index.xml blogs
https://waitbutwhy.com/feed blogs
https://hackaday.com/blog/feed/ blogs
https://rsshub.app/blogs/paulgraham blogs
https://danluu.com/atom.xml blogs
https://lethain.com/feeds/ blogs
https://programmingisterrible.com/rss blogs
http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/index.xml blogs
http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/atom.xml blogs
https://www.benkuhn.net/index.xml blogs
https://www.netmeister.org/blog/rss.xml blogs
http://www.sheshbabu.com/atom.xml blogs
https://nedbatchelder.com/blog/rss.xml blogs
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml blogs
https://this-week-in-rust.org/atom.xml blogs
https://www.phoronix.com/rss.php blogs
https://feeds.feedburner.com/sirupsen blogs
https://blog.acolyer.org/feed blogs
https://www.stephendiehl.com/feed.rss blogs
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml blogs
